General Metrics:
AdrActCnt - Active Addresses      
    Definition: The sum count of unique addresses that were active in the network (either as a destination or source of a ledger change) that day. All parties in a ledger change action (source and destination) are counted. Individual addresses are not double-counted if previously active
AdrBalNtv0.1Cnt - Addr Cnt of Bal ≥ 0.1 (native units)        
    Definition: The sum count of unique addresses holding at least 0.1 native units as of the end of that day. Only native units are considered (e.g., an address with less than 0.1 ETH but with more than 0.1 in ERC-20 tokens would not be considered).
CapMVRVCur - MVRV (Market Cap / Realized Market Cap)
    Definition: The ratio of the sum USD value of the current supply to the sum "realized" USD value of the current supply.
FeeMedNtv - Median Tx Fee (native units)
    Definition: The median fee per transaction in native units PER DAY.
FeeTotNtv - Total Fees (native units)
    Definition: The sum of all fees paid to miners, transaction validators, stakers and/or block producers PER DAY. In certain cryptonetworks, fees might be burned (destroyed), but they are still accounted for in this metric.
FlowInExNtv - Exchange Deposits (native units)
    Definition: The sum number of native units sent to exchanges PER DAY, excluding exchange to exchange activity.
FlowOutExNtv - Exchange Withdrawals (native units)
    Definition: The sum in native units withdrawn from exchanges PER DAY, excluding exchange to exchange activity.
SplyFF - Free Float Supply (native units)
    Definition: The sum of all native units ever created and visible on the ledger excluding native units held closely by company insiders, controlling investors and long term strategic holders as of that day.
TxCnt - The sum count of transactions that day.
TxTfrValAdjNtv - Xfer'd Val, Adj (native units)
    Definition: The sum of native units transferred that interval removing noise and certain artifacts.  Also known as Adjusted Transfer Value (native units).

Eth Specific Metrics: Staking metrics are unavailable at the moment
GasUsedTx - Tx Gas Used
    Definition: The sum gas used (i.e., paid) across all transactions that day.

Btc Specific Metrics
DiffLast - Difficulty
    Definition: The difficulty of the last block in the considered time period.
HashRate - Mean Hash Rate 1D
    Definition: The mean rate at which miners are solving hashes that day. Hash rate is the speed at which computations are being completed across all miners in the network. The unit of measurement varies depending on the protocol.
SplyMiner1HopAllNtv - Supply One Hop from Miners (native units)
    Definition: Supply 0 hop from miners usually indicate mining pools. 1 Hop would indicate actual miner holdings.


Macro Metrics: FREDAPI
A191RO1Q156NBEA: Real GDP YoY: Percent Change from Quarter One Year Ago, Seasonally Adjusted. (Quarterly)
CPIAUCSL: Consumer Price Index for All Urban Consumers: All Items in U.S. City Average (Monthly)
PCEC96:  Real Personal Consumption Expenditures, Seasonally Adjusted (Monthly)
PAYEMS: All Employees, Total Nonfarm (Monthly)
INDPRO: Industrial Production Total Index (Monthly)	
DGS2 : Market Yield on U.S. Treasury Securities at 2-Year Constant Maturity, Quoted on an Investment Basis (Daily)
DGS10 : Market Yield on U.S. Treasury Securities at 10-Year Constant Maturity, Quoted on an Investment Basis (Daily)
M2SL : M2 (Monthly)
M2V : Velocity of M2 Money (Quarterly) Calculated as the ratio of quarterly nominal GDP to the quarterly average of M2 money stock. The velocity of money is the frequency at which one unit of currency is used to purchase domestically- produced goods and services within a given time period. In other words, it is the number of times one dollar is spent to buy goods and services per unit of time. If the velocity of money is increasing, then more transactions are occurring between individuals in an economy.
UNRATE: Unemployment Rate

Yfinance time series:
^SPX - S&P500
^IXIC - Nasdaq Composite
GLD - Gold ETF
UUP - US Dollar Index
USO - Oil ETF
DBC - Invesco DB Commodity Index Tracking Fund

